Update yolink document (#22900)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yolink.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> <div class='note'>
> 
> Home Assistant will use account linking provided by Nabu Casa for authenticating with YoLink, These follow steps are not required.
> 
> </div>
> 
>  If you want to use separate credentials, please contact <service@yosmart.com> to obtain a `client_id` and `client_secret`. Then you can add your credentials via application credentials. Settings > Devices & Services > click the menu (three dots at the top right of the screen) and then **Application Credentials**. Enter your credentials in the pop-up window.

Reviewer: Aah right, that makes sense. May I suggest the following in that case?

```suggestion
{% details "Using custom application credentials" %}

Home Assistant will use account linking provided by Nabu Casa for authenticating with YoLink, this service is provided for free and does not require a Nabu Casa subscription. The steps below are thus not required.

If you want to use separate credentials, please contact <service@yosmart.com> to obtain a `client_id` and `client_secret`. Then you can add your credentials via application credentials. Settings > Devices & Services > click the menu (three dots at the top right of the screen) and then **Application Credentials**. Enter your credentials in the pop-up window.

{% enddetails %}
```

This makes it more "hidden" away in a details block and while still providing details.

I think this is more efficient, as it hide the text completely, while still keeping it accessible for people that do like to use their own application credentials.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> <br>

Reviewer: Please avoid the use of `<br>`, it is generally not needed.

<div class='note'>

Because it uses the Home Assistant Cloud account linking service you **must** have either `cloud:` or `default_config:` in your `configuration.yaml`. These follow steps are not required, nor will they be supported if issues are encountered.

> </div>

Reviewer: This is not something that belongs on this page. If a user actively decides to remove the `cloud` dependency, that is their call. This integration does not require its use.

> nor will they be supported if issues are encountered.

They are supported? The account linking service is an additional but not required service. It is just as much supported as anything else.

Author: Since our customer didn't know we used Cloud Account Linking, they sent us email asking client_id and client_secret, I would like to add an obvious hint
